# Questions:

**1. What is Google Cloud’s principle for granting access to users? Select the correct answer.**

a. "Least privilege"

b. "Restricted responsibility"

c. "Shared responsibility"

d. "Most privilege"

**Ans:**

<br/>

**2. You have received an email that says the following: “We have identified that your account is vulnerable. Click this link to change your security settings.” What cybersecurity risks do you need to consider before clicking on the link? Select two correct answers.**

a. Use of secured third-party systems

b. Physical hard disk damage

c. Recruitment of security expertise

d. Phishing for sensitive data

e. Malware attacks on files

**Ans:**

<br/>

**3. What are the three components of Google Cloud’s defense-in-depth data security design? Select the correct answer.**

a. Sharding, biometric authentication, 2-factor authentication

b. Sharding, encryption key, key encryption key

c. Perimeter security, fingerprint authentication, globally distributed data storage

d. Categorized data, data encryption keys, globally distributed encryption keys

**Ans:**

<br/>

**4. What Google Cloud security layer does “strong authentication for data access” relate to? Select the correct answer.**

a. Network

b. Storage

c. Identity

d. Operations

**Ans:**

<br/>

**5. An Identity Access Management policy, or IAM policy, is made of three parts. What are they? Select the correct answer.**

a. "How", "can we please our customers", and "with existing resources".

b. "Where", "can resources be allocated", and "to verify identity".

c. "What", "can be solved", and "with which software".

d. “Who”, “can do what”, and “on which resource”.

**Ans:**

<br/>
