# Questions:

**1. The tools included in Google Cloud’s operations suite fall into what two major categories? Select two correct answers.**

a. Hardware performance management tools

b. Application performance management tools

c. Operations-focused tools

d. Data monitoring tools

e. Site reliability engineering tools

**Ans:**

<br/>

**2. _____________ refers to breaking down silos and closing gaps between developer and operations teams? Select the correct answer.**

a. EngOps

b. Site reliability engineering

c. Developer engineering

d. DevOps

**Ans:**

<br/>

**3. What is a service level objective (SLO)? Select the correct answer.**

a. An indicator of how well your service is doing at any moment in time.

b. The goal for your cloud service performance level.

c. A continuous measure of your cloud's availability

d. The amount of unreliability you are willing to tolerate.

**Ans:**

<br/>

**4. Which of the following are Google Cloud operations-focused tools? Select the two correct answers.**

a. Cloud Profiler

b. Cloud Logging

c. Cloud Debugger

d. Cloud Trace

e. Cloud Monitoring

**Ans:**

<br/>

**5. Why is the expectation for 100% service availability misleading? Select the correct answer.**

a. Because a business will inevitably experience talent attrition

b. Because systems will inevitably overheat over time

c. Because users are impacted if there’s less than 100% service availability

d. Because service maintenance is inevitable and requires downtime

**Ans:**

<br/>
